Thank you Good morning I am Ali is everyone of Biroga today three generations things or
New he has been doing in the spa town
That
of
Take it easy
Lighting cappuccino turns on flashing
About 40 Byoa this yeah of course many there do I gather was unusual'll Zehnder because it was often
you know
Although this mode it can stay various 12345 This is
I'm in boo
It says Boo Boo So
Ah ah ah ah
I think that I have polished coffee I want to make this a farmer is lost
I think that want to go in Es press ss is I know the darkest coffee
There is also black but I would like to go to the pre-spray this is
Nde s a place I go I want to massage this espresso-kun
Soy
Fan
What about eh
on
Entered it start from the here
So came came catcher
so
Hisa
here we go
What kind of guy will appear
car
me
Soooo I am Truly love over and I have hung now
Hmm
Jeez Sugeena is dirt in this Seriously So right away this
I would like to drink espresso coffee
He's got a good start and feet have a strong taste with espresso and stuffy
It is an error
Hui put out what or comment that does not float came sweet this Sugema
A real
Hmm
Gee Oh is a little more impressed I No This ah ah A'
You can enjoy it and it's kinda surprised at any moment.
There is a variety of cappuccino or that, but there are many
Thorny pork after pig
Coffee life or a new line for him
Does the fact that
You should be welcome